# Minutes Week 6





Date:           {19.03.2024}\
Main focus:     {Check on current Sprint and agree upon the next one}\
Chair:          {Bogdan Micu}\
Minute taker:   {Egemen Yildiz}



# Opening
- Check if everyone is present and how everyone is doing (1 min).
  - Everyone is present and doing well and healthy
- Announcements by the TA (5 mins)
  - Be careful about the knockout criteria for the project, and make sure to keep the app up to date with the procedure. 
  - We need to work on the next assignment and create a README file for the project so that the TA can check more easily.
  - We have the product pitch next week as a preparation for the actual pitch.
  - We will have a look at the features implemented so for next week.
  - Task and Planning & Technology are given feedback: We need to work on the feedback and improve the methodology of our way of working.

# Approval of the agenda
- Check if everyone agrees to the agenda-items and if they have any other significant discussion topic to add to this meeting (2 min)
  - Everyone approves the agenda items, we will also show the demo as usual.
# Agenda Items

- Showing the demo and working on current issues
  - We will add an admin login, the demo seems fine.

- Talking about the current state of the project (5 min)
    - Keep everyone up to date with the current state of the app.
- Discuss the feedback received and what changes we should make in our approach (15 min)
  - Tasks and Planning: 
    - We need to manage the GitLab better, we decided individual sorting of issues makes more sense. 
    - People who approve the merge request will check the issues additionally.
    - Last week will be considered mostly so no need to add former issues.
    - Requirements will be used to link the issues.
    - Check if the feature branch is up-to-date.
- Forming a roadmap for the next Sprint and dividing the work (10 min)
    - We are done with the basic requirements, so we should agree together on how we'll divide our time next, what we want to prioritize and in what order
      - We will work on the admin features, statistics, editing expenses and the JSON file creation issue.
      - Editing participant creates stackoverflow, we need to fix that.
      - Language change need language addition function, we need to figure out a way to do that.
      - Email configuration must be stored in the clientside, we store it in server side.
      - Statistics will be implemented with colored tags for expenses additionally
      - Websockets will be implemented till the next week
- Deciding the chair and minute taker for next meeting (1 min)
    - Chair: Stoyan
    - Minute taker: Victor


# Questions for the TA(2 min)
    -No questions

# Question round (1 min)
- Questions about anything unclear.
  - Everything is clear.

- To work on the GitLab, we will set a 30-minute meeting (Wednesday morning)
- Sprints will be one week long from now on.

# Closing (1 min)


