# Agenda Week 7


|  Key  |  Value  |  
|  ---  |  ---  |  
|  Date:  |  26.03.2024  |  
|  Time:  |  14:45 - 15:30  |   
| Location:|Drebbelweg Building 
|  Chair  |  Stoyan Kutsarov  |  
|  Minute  Taker  |  Victor Paiu  |  
|  Attendees:  | Stoyan, Victor, Lara, Robin, Egemen, Bogdan  |

Agenda Items

*   Check-in:  How  is  everyone  doing?  (1  min)

Everybody doing great.  
-  Announcements  by  the  team  (2  min)  
	- Everybody is doing great.
-  Approval  of  the  agenda  -  Does  anyone  have  any  additions?  (2  min)  
	- No additions.
- Receive feedback on the project's current state from the TA along with any announcements (10 min)

	- HCI feedback:

		- Color contrast: White-gray not good for color contrast.
		- Buttons need to have more contrasting colors
		- The calendar also needs some more contrast
	- Talked about the oral exam.

- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)
	
	- Decide next week's milestone (3 min)
		- Having all advanced features finished, some testing and the accessibility problems being fixed.
	- Split up work for next week (10 min)
		- Stoyan: working on authorization for admin, test for expense controller.
		- Bogdan: working on the frontend for advanced currency.
		- Victor: working on HCI/Accesibility, test for event controller.
		- Robin: Working on the server switcher.
		- Lara:  Finishing JSON import, working on testing, also working on HCI/Accesibility
		- Egemen: Working on tests for frontend

	- Discuss how we'll handle the product pitch and presentation (5 min)
		- Using videos for showing features of the app.
		- Basic features shown while presenting the advanced ones.
		- Deadline on friday.
		- Bogdan: detailied expenses.
		- Egemen: open debt.
		- Robin: statistics.
		- Stoyan: foreign currency.
		- Victor: language switch.
		- Lara: email notification.
		- UI flow shared between each other.
	- Show a demo of the app to TA (5 min)
		- The accessiblity issues: color contrast, warnings and confirmations should be added.
	- Summarize what issues each team member has tackled within the last week 
	(3 min)
		- Lara: finished add expense and export json
		- Egemen: finished statistics page(needs to fix some bugs regarding the piechart)
		- Robin: finished the settings page for switching the server and persisting currency in the config file
		- Bogdan: finished the backend for currency exchange
		- Victor: finished the websocket and long polling support
		- Stoyan: finished the functionality 
	- Deciding chair and minute taker for the next meeting:
		- Lara is chair and Robin is minute taker.


-   Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (2 min)
-   Feedback: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)
-   Question(s): Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (2 min)
-  Closure  (1  min)
