OOPP Meeting #3 Notes

Beginning of the meeting – TA feedback

Provide a demo of the application next time around. Begin making meaningful contributions. Track emails for stuff from Git, there may be notifications, instructions or other stuff from TAs in there.

Current state of the project 

Split controllers into services. Create something returning a request body w/ emails and invite code. Function that assigns a random string to the invite code.

Next week milestones

Handle language switching, have a look at the WebSockets. Split up the controllers with services to have a 3-layer setup.

Bogdan - To add/edit/remove participants to an event, so I can create an complete and accurate list 
To give an event a title, so it is easy to differentiate two events 

To edit the title of an event, so I can fix typo
Victor – Debts and Participants Controllers, WebSockets

Stoyan – Split the controllers and do the language switch

Lara – Controllers, Client Side

Robin – Tag Class, Bank Account Class Front End, To switch between events, so I can manage expenses of multiple events in the same session

Egemen – Tag Class, Bank Account Class Back End

Code of Conduct 

Wrapped up mostly, perform a review and then submit it.

Consider splitting up the workflow in a different say so a feature is implemented by one person into front end back end and server side.

Future notes

Meeting Wednesday 11 am at EWI

Next Chair: Robin

Note Taker: Lara




