#### Meeting Organization

Mark: Pass

Feedback: You did have a chair and a minute taker.


#### Agenda 

Mark: Good

Feedback: I would like you to look at the feedback provided between meetings and to try and improve upon it. Not using the agenda template provided on Brightspace is something that I did mention in the last feedback. Please use it next time!

On the other hand, the agenda was uploaded on time (the day before) and you did improve on most of the points and now I believe that the agenda is much easier to read and understand. Well done on that!

From next week I would also expect the meeting to contain a demo of the current state of the application. Adding a small round in which everyone talks about their tasks for the previous week and any difficulties that they have encountered would be advised. I would also recommend adding the TA word at the beginning as it might provide context for some of your topics.


#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Mark: Good

Feedback: The minutes file has been uploaded to the main branch of your repository making it easier for everyone to find. In the future try to upload the notes as soon as possible as they might contain very useful information for the team members. For the next weeks, I would suggest using the agenda template and writing the minutes under each of the covered topics. This way you will have a standard template for both documents and it is also easier to understand the context of the notes. Any additional information that you might have (eg. the task distribution) should be added at the end of the document.

The amount of notes taken does cover all the discussion topics of the meeting, but I believe that there are some points of improvement. For example, the notes taken for the template project section state "talking about everyone's first insights" which is not very clear. What are those insights? Did anyone encounter problems? What should you look for in the future?

Furthermore, while you did note the assignment of coding tasks for each team member (within the established sub-groups), you did not do that for non-coding related tasks such as the Code of Conduct. It is only stated that "we spit subsections amongst ourselves and ...", which again is not very clear. I do see that you've made a reference to a document where this supposed distribution is more detailed, but it would be great if everyone could find the entire task distribution in one place.

Other great additions were the extra info regarding the merge requests, code reviews, deadlines and such. It would be great if in the future you could find a more structured way of presenting this information alongside a more holistic view of the task assignment.


#### Chair performance

Mark: Good

Feedback: The chair was very in control during the meeting and followed the agenda very well. I liked the fact that when some team members brought up problems regarding their project, you noticed that fixing the problem was not something that should be done during the meeting and delayed it until after finishing all the proposed topics. You used a great approach to figure out what would everyone want to work on by taking turns. This is a great way to make everyone feel included in the discussion and to make sure that everyone has a say in the project.

I did notice that more than once you would let people discuss the topic at hand but if it seemed like the initial question would not be answered fully you would press on to make sure that everything was clear.

At the end, you summarized what everyone is going to work on this upcoming week, which is very useful for everyone partaking in the meeting. One point of improvement would be to make sure that the discussion does not stop. If this is the case it mostly means that you can move on to another topic, but first check with everyone. As an example, the meeting became very quiet while you were moving the Code of Conduct from Google Docs to Overleaf.

#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: You've managed to take ownership of the meeting showing. It was amazing to see everyone jump to help people who were encountering problems with the project. It shows that you have developed a great team spirit and even outside of those meetings you are willing to help each other if need be. This could have also seen in the friendly attitude that you had, promoting the apparition of small jokes here and there. It is great to see this kind of interaction between team members.

I liked that when distributing tasks you used other people's expertise in the domain (APIs, front-end, etc.) to estimate the difficulty of the task to divide them more fairly. This sharing of information between team members will help you in the long run.

The distribution during the meeting was a bit uneven, with some people speaking more than others. It is not of great concern, but I would encourage you to be on the lookout for such situations as they can quickly escalate. In such a small meeting everyone should try to involve others in the discussion as they can bring valuable information to the table.

#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Good

Feedback: You did not present the current state of the application through a demo (or some other way like showing GUI pages or whatever). From what I've gathered during your meeting you are doing pretty well on the back-end side of things, with some initial progress on the front-end and the communication. You've mentioned that you do want to finish the majority of the basic requirements this upcoming week, which is a great goal to have but it is also a very ambitious one.

Currently, your project seems to be progressing at a decent pace that would allow you to deliver a working application by the end of the course. It is great that you've created the back-end controllers and that you are going to work on the services. Make sure to also take care of the databases.

I would also advise you to prioritize the addition of the checkstyle as the more unchecked code you add the harder it will be to fix it once the checkstyle goes online.

#### Work Contribution/Distribution in the Team

Mark: Very Good

Feedback: Your division into sub-groups seems to have allowed you to work a bit more efficiently towards your goals. I see that everyone was responsible for some part of the application and did manage to complete their tasks, though there were some concerns about the knockout criteria not being met. If any of you are worried about this I propose that you discuss between yourselves how someone can take extra work (maybe even put it in the code of conduct).

You did have a great discussion about the upcoming sprint in which you divided the tasks. The distribution seems to be fair and everyone seems to have been assigned a task with which they are comfortable. I also like the fact that people want to take responsibility for certain parts of the application showcasing commitment, but be careful to also include others in the decision-making process.

Regarding the discussion that arose about in which way you should divide the task, I would encourage every one of you to pick a user story and implement it completely (front-end and back-end). This will provide everyone with a great understanding of how the application works while also somewhat ensuring that everyone is doing their fair share of work. It would also be easier to keep track of the progress of the application as each sprint you could see how many user stories were completed.

I would also encourage everyone to use the time estimate (\spent) features on GitLab such that you can keep track of your workloads. This will also help you in the future when you will have to estimate the time needed for a certain task. Furthermore, try to use GitLab issues to distribute tasks amongst yourselves.
